DateBox: pickerType: 'rollers' behaviour T1108174 (#4163)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxDateBox/1 Configuration/pickerType.md

Specifies the type of the date/time picker.

---
This property accepts the following values:

> - *calendar*  

Reviewer: This is a string value, so it should be in quotes as it would be in code.

```suggestion
- *"calendar"*  
```

> The date box uses the Calendar UI component to pick data. This value applies only when the [type](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxDateBox/1%20Configuration/type.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDateBox/Configuration/#type') property is set to "date" or "datetime".

Reviewer: We need to add a link to the Calendar component.

```suggestion
The DateBox displays the [Calendar]() UI component for users to select a date. Set the [type](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxDateBox/1%20Configuration/type.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDateBox/Configuration/#type') property to *"date"* or *"datetime"* to use this picker type.
```

> - *list*  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *"list"*  
```

> The UI component uses the list of time values to pick the time. This value applies only when the [type](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxDateBox/1%20Configuration/type.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDateBox/Configuration/#type') property is set to "time".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The DateBox displays a list of time values. Set the [type](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxDateBox/1%20Configuration/type.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDateBox/Configuration/#type') property to *"time"* to use this picker type.
```

> - *native*  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *"native"*  
```

The picker type depends on the current platform or web browser.

> - *rollers*  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *"rollers"*  
```

> The UI component uses rollers to pick the date and time. Users cannot edit the picked date in the input field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The DateBox displays rollers for users to select date and time. Users cannot edit the selected value in the input field.
```
